11:19 26/02/2026
----------------

Moroccan national id number : AB.64.52.76

Deposition
----------

After the development of heat 
on the earth, hydrogen manifests, 
may put every social perimeter of human being into trouble.

Example of : years of manifested 
hydrogen above bank circuits 
may lock bank transactions,
to unlock the trasaction, 
we may put the upper level 
point recognized by an air 
mass flow sensor recptor
(to recept the fahrenheit/
celsius active above the 
circuit point) emitter
(to emit a cold point on 
the upper point of manifested 
hydrogen to deliberate the bank 
transactions free to their owners).

Example : manifested hydrogen may cause issues 
between people (-> may implicit between entities, countries)
locking telecommunication (locking telecommunication 
between people, for people is not liking people 
and not answering them or less time for them, 
a nice example : a few neighbours, one may talk 
speak laugh with a neighbour the other one not.
(-> will may cause in the future issues)). 

Example : Manifested hydrogen may 
epilepse, put under epilepsie 
people, may act strangely 
but actually it was just 
something upper level than 
their power, a cloud of 
hydrogen is always going away, 
but still stay with people try 
to explain the inconvenience of 
a major force upper than 
explanation.

Example of those situations : 
people may enter jail.

Example of a concrete solution :
is to give evidence about the hydrogen 
style of issue as a unittest for the 
international law enforcement, they may 
free people from this concern and reconciliate 
people by giving them small formation 
about those issue, human beings are quicklearners 
but other beings not(jungle just may recognize 
information but a big issue, we may give people 
a program extra unit of help against jungles
(-> redirecting the beings to the ocean like 
they may redirecct us from our huses to them, 0
redirecting them with cold, like they may 
redirect us from a safe environment)). 

Our duty is to deliberate human beings worldwide from those issues.

In case : manifested hydrogen putted with ice 
cold(any perimeter in space is ice cold for 
the hydrogen upper level on earth) 
above his upper temperature level, 
on his temeperature level deliberates circuits that he still
lock them by his temperature above their circuits.

Give evidences to international and 
worldwide law enforcement forces about evidences 
of each legal case, legal money transactions 
to deliberate it all, as a unittest of manifested 
hydrogen on every social situation, and situations 
already met worldwide for a fully fictive perfect
solve of situation.

That manifested hydrogen may stand above some 
longitudes, latitudes after a long time.

Manifested hydrogen may cause clock problems, 
viruses(solved with vinaigre, vinaigre 
liquid legumes/plants : yellow sunflower, 
red bell, orange carrots with long green tails of carrots)

Manifested hydrogen may cause too much issues to the current 
20ste century manufacture(-> electronic devices).

Manifested hydrogen may trick people about the last 
used technologies, amplifies the technology strangely, 
put people tired to recover those issues.

Thank you for you comprehension 
and thank you very much in advance.

Cordially,
Sincerely,
----------

Adam Taraoui

Moroccan national id number : AB.64.52.76